There are two players. Each player has tiles numbered from 1 to 9, and all tiles start off upright in an "open" position. Each player roles either one dice or tow die and closes and an open set of tiles whose sum is equal to the die roll. For example, a player rolls an 8 and has the following tiles open: {1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 8}. They can choose to close one of the following sets: {8}, {1,7}, {1, 2, 5}, or {3, 5}. The number of die a player rolls depends on the sum of open tiles. If the sum of open tiles is greater than 6, the player must roll 2 die. Otherwise, the player must roll one dice. 

Player one begins with all of their tiles open and continues to roll their die and close tiles whose sum is equal to the dice roll. Their turn ends once none of the possible subset of open tiles' sum is equal to the die roll. For example, if player one has {1, 2} as their set of open tiles and they roll a 4, there are no tiles they can close that sum to four thus their turn ends. Their score is equal to the sum of open tiles at the end of their turn. So in this case, player one's score is 3. Player two begins and they have all of their tiles open and continues to roll their die and close tiles until they are no longer able to. Player two's objective is to acheive a score that is less than player one's score. If player two's score is less than player one's score, they win. If player two's score is equal to player one's score, they tie. If player two's score is greater than player one's score, they lose. Essentially, the player with the lowest score wins. 

Note that if player one is able to successfully close all of their tiles (meaning that their score is 0), they automatically win and player two does not get the opportunity to roll their die. 

